Approximations of zero (#1424)
UniMath/agda-unimath: src/metric-spaces/rational-cauchy-approximations.lagda.md

```agda
cauchy-approximation-ℚ : UU lzero
cauchy-approximation-ℚ =
  cauchy-approximation-Metric-Space metric-space-leq-ℚ

map-cauchy-approximation-ℚ : cauchy-approximation-ℚ → ℚ⁺ → ℚ
map-cauchy-approximation-ℚ =
  map-cauchy-approximation-Metric-Space
    metric-space-leq-ℚ

is-cauchy-map-cauchy-approximation-ℚ :
  (f : cauchy-approximation-ℚ) →
  is-cauchy-approximation-Metric-Space
    ( metric-space-leq-ℚ)
    ( map-cauchy-approximation-ℚ f)
is-cauchy-map-cauchy-approximation-ℚ =
  is-cauchy-approximation-map-cauchy-approximation-Metric-Space
    metric-space-leq-ℚ
```

## Properties

### The distance between two values `f ε` and `f δ` of a rational Cauchy approximation is bounded by `ε + δ`

```agda
bound-dist-map-cauchy-approximation-ℚ :
  (f : cauchy-approximation-ℚ) →
  (ε δ : ℚ⁺) →
  leq-ℚ
    ( rational-dist-ℚ
      ( map-cauchy-approximation-ℚ f ε)
      ( map-cauchy-approximation-ℚ f δ))
    ( rational-ℚ⁺ (ε +ℚ⁺ δ))
bound-dist-map-cauchy-approximation-ℚ f ε δ =
  leq-dist-neighborhood-leq-ℚ
    ( ε +ℚ⁺ δ)
    ( map-cauchy-approximation-ℚ f ε)
    ( map-cauchy-approximation-ℚ f δ)
    ( is-cauchy-map-cauchy-approximation-ℚ f ε δ)
```

> ### Any rational Cauchy approximation has a real limit

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Any rational Cauchy approximation has a limit in the reals
```
